please follow the instruction in this task desription, i wanna get the best grade:
A3:
This is an introductory assignment designed to get you up and running with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and designing a visualization with D3. Be aware that this course uses version 7.9.0 of D3.

Use the usa_ba-degree-or-higher_2006-2019.csv and usa_personal-income-by-state_2006-2019.csv datasets for this assignment. Additionally you will need a geojson file for displaying the geographical features (i.e. states as polygons) on the map, for this you can use us-states-geo.json file.
Learning objectives

    Map projections and displaying geographically related data in d3
    Linking multiple d3 charts and the data reactively (e.g. with vue.js)
    Creating a scatter plot using two different datasets
    Brush selections and filtering
    Selecting and implementing an appropriate color scheme for bi-variate color encoding

Tools & Technologies
We provide you with the following boilerplate code to start with: https://github.com/asilcetin/vis-vue-d3. The boilerplate code for this assignment uses the following technologies:

    Vue.js (v3): a JavaScript framework for building modern and "reactive" user interfaces
    Pinia: a store library for Vue which allows to share a state across components/pages. See the following example: https://github.com/asilcetin/vis-vue-d3/blob/main/src/stores/store.js
    D3.js (v7): a JavaScript library for producing interactive data visualizations on the web. In this assignment you will get familiar with the "geo" features (e.g. map projections) of D3.
    Bootstrap (v5): an open-source CSS framework for creating responsive websites with solid design principles

Recommended procedure

An image example for the implementation.
Image credits: Michaela Hubweber

    Use the vue.js boilerplate (https://github.com/asilcetin/vis-vue-d3) provided. If you have sufficient knowledge in any other reactive JS framework (React, Angular etc.) you're free to use those as well. In that case make sure you document in detail the framework you use and its setup in your README file.
    Import the datasets into the state of your web application on load. The choropleth and scatter plot components bind to that data in state.
    Define a 3x3 bi-variate color scheme (what is a bi-variate choropleth?) for your two data dimensions (average personal income vs. educational attainment).
    Implement a year slider, which is by default set to the first available year, 2006. This year selection will be used by both the choropleth and the scatter plot.
    Create a choropleth map and fill each state's polygon on the map with a color representing the average personal income vs. educational attainment in that state. Use the AlbersUSA map projection with d3's function: d3.geoAlbersUsa()
    Create a scatter plot with 1) the x-axis displaying the educational attainment rate (bachelor's degree or higher) in a state, and 2) y-axis displaying the average personal yearly income in a state. The background of the scatter plot should be divided and filled by the 3x3 color scheme you have defined.
    Data points (circles) in the scatter plot should have a fixed size (radius) and represent one state each.
    Label x and y axes of the scatter plot: 1) "Educational Attainment: Bachelor's Degree or Higher (%)" underneath the x-axis, 2) "Average Yearly Personal Income (in $)" on the left side of the y-axis
    Label the scales on x and y axes: select the intervals and formatting that you find useful / informative.
    On mouseover each data point (circle) shows a tooltip containing the name of that state.
    Implement brushing on the scatter plot. Only the states corresponding to the data points which are selected by the brushed rectangle will be shown on the map and the other states will be grayed out. Clicking an empty area inside the scatter plot should deactivate the brush selection. (See an example of a scatterplot and a linked choropleth in action).
    Interactivity on the map: on mouseclick on a state highlight the data point of that particular state on the scatter plot. Clicking an empty area inside the map component should deactivate the highlighting.

Grading

We’ve broken the learning objectives down by numerical grade, 1 through 5. You will receive the best grade for which you’ve met at least one objective plus all fully completed grades below. Please be aware that that means that if you haven’t fully met all objectives for getting a 3 then you won't get a 2 or 1 even if you’ve completed all the objectives for the grade 2 or 1. We’ve structured the objectives so that they build on each other for the most part. So, in order to show that you’ve learned something for grade 2 then you’ll need to show that you’ve also met all requirements for grade 3, grade 4 and then some.
Grade 4 (50% - 62%)

    7%: Submitting according to the procedure
    30%: Creating a choropleth map and filling each state's polygon on the map with a color representing the average personal income vs. educational attainment in that state for the currently selected year. Use the AlbersUSA map projection with d3's function: d3.geoAlbersUsa()
    25%: Creating a scatter plot with 1) the x-axis displaying the educational attainment rate (bachelor's degree or higher) in a state, and 2) y-axis displaying the average personal yearly income in a state. The background of the scatter plot should be divided and filled by the 3x3 color scheme you have defined. The axes and their scales are labeled.

Grade 3 (62.5% - 74.5%)

all the above plus:

    7.5%: Implement a year slider which interactively changes the data displayed both in the choropleth and the scatter plot.
    5%: On mouseover each data point (circle) on the scatter plot shows a tooltip containing the name of that state.

Grade 2 (75% - 87%)

all the above plus:

    12.5%: Implement brushing on the scatter plot. Only the states corresponding to the data points which are selected by the brushed rectangle will be shown on the map and the other states will be grayed out. Clicking an empty area inside the scatter plot should deactivate the brush selection.

Grade 1 (87.5% - 100%)

all the above plus:

    12%: Interactivity on the map: on mouseclick on a state the data point of that particular state on the scatter plot is highlighted. Clicking an empty area inside the map component should deactivate the highlighting.
    1%: Add a title (an HTML "h1" element on top) summarizing the visualization